Stubbed in Alibaba doc (#40651)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-alibaba-ram-user.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_alibaba/installing-alibaba-account.adoc

[id="installation-aws-iam-user_{context}"]
= Creating a RAM user

.Questions

. When configuring the access mode, is `API Call-based Access` a required access mode?

. While we have a list of permissions for the cloud account, is there a specific out-of-the-box policy that can be assigned to the RAM user or must a policy be created?

Before you install {product-title}, create a Resource Access Manager (RAM) user.

When you configure the RAM user, be sure to complete the following steps:

.Procedure

. Select the `API Call-based Access` access mode.

> . Record the access key ID and secret access key values. You must use these
> values when you configure your local machine to run the installation program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Record the RAM AccessKey (AK) pair. You must use these
values when you configure your local machine to run the installation program.
```
